kops: add page (#3149)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/kops.md

# kops

> > A tool that create, destroy, upgrade and maintain production-grade, highly available, Kubernetes clusters from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A tool to create, destroy, upgrade and maintain Kubernetes clusters from the command line.
```
Do we really need all those adjectives? This sounds way simpler and more concise to me.

> More informations: <https://github.com/kubernetes/kops/>.

- Create a cluster from the configuration specification:

`kops create cluster -f {{my-cluster.yaml}}`

> - Create secret from secret spec file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a secret from secret spec file:
```

Author: I will change this example with the better one!

`kops create -f {{secret.yaml}}`

> - Export configurations from a cluster:

Reviewer: Export to where exactly? Could this be a bit clearer?

Author: You are right, this is missing. Will be fixed!

> `kops export kubecfg {{my-cluster}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kops export kubecfg {{cluster_name}}`
```
Could we have all these tokens use an underscore instead of a dash? Just to be consistent with other pages. Also, let's make it impersonal `cluster_name` vs `my_cluster`.

Same applies to every token in the page.

Author: 👍 makes sense

- Get the cluster configuration as yaml:

`kops get cluster {{my-cluster}} -o yaml`

> - Delete cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete a cluster:
```
